Jeweler: May I help you?
Girl: Do you have any jewelry? You know, like rings and stuff? 
Jeweler: Of course. Right this way. 
Girl: Ooh, let me see that one!
Jeweler: I'm not supposed to show that to anyone.
Girl: Not even me?
Jeweler: I guess it wouldn't hurt to let you look. 
Girl: How much?
Jeweler: I'm afraid it's not for sale. I'm just holding it for a customer. 
Jeweler: Tsiu Chow's Trading Post, Ray speaking. 
Girl: Well, thanks anyway. 
Jeweler: Look, just tie it down until I get home.
Jeweler: 
Man: I've come for my ring.
Jeweler: Of course. 
Man: 
Jeweler: I don't understand! It was just here!
Jeweler: But I... I... no! Please! 
Shaggy: Like, I'll take a double-bacon latte, dry, no whip with a triple puff of nacho cheese! Can you make that?
Chen: Make it? I invented it.
Daphne: Tonight's the first time my parents will see Fred and me as a couple. I just want everything to be perfect. I'm afraid they think Fred is a weirdo. Thanks for listening.
Scooby: No problem. 
Daphne: Velma, over here!
Velma: Those are my friends. Watch out for the skinny, frail-looking one.
Velma: This is Mai Le. She's here from China on a two-week student exchange.
Shaggy: Like, who did we exchange for her?
Velma: The school's weird girl, Hot Dog Water. 
Hot Dog Water: Oh, boy. There isn't gluten in these noodles, is there? Probably shoulda told ya. I have a major gluten intolerance.
Daphne: Welcome to Crystal Cove, Mai Le. I think you're gonna love it here. 
Scooby: Me, too!
Mai Le: Me, too.
Velma: Chen, this is Mai Le. She's visiting from China. 
Chen: Welcome! Please, try one of my Szechuan pork ice cream sandwiches! On the house! 
Chen: Uh! Uh... excuse me. 
Daphne: You know, there's a delegate from China visiting Crystal Cove right now. My boyfriend, Fred - I love saying "boyfriend!" - is showing him around town with his dad. My boyfriend, Fred's, town is the mayor. Boyfriend.
Velma: Daphne's mom and dad are hosting a dinner for him tonight. You should come!
Mai Le: Will there be any cute boys there?
Daphne: Well, Fred, my boyfriend, of course!
Shaggy: Like, ahem!
Daphne: Oh! And Shaggy. 
Mai Le: And I'll be there. For sure. 
Velma: Sister, you're playing with fire. 
Mayor: Mr. Wang, what you guys need is a theme, something that makes your little country stand out. Something that says "fun!" Here in Crystal Cove, our theme is the world's most haunted tourist trap- I mean, town! Folks can't get enough of it.
Fred: Everyone, say "beef and broccoli!"
Wang: Fascinating. There is much we can learn from you. 
Mai Le: You've been to China?
Shaggy: No, but my stomach has. Scoob and I get Chinese takeout every single week. 
Velma: Shaggy, you have to stop flirting with Mai Le. 
Shaggy: Like, dude, I'm just bein' polite. 
Velma: The last time you were that polite to me, I spent a month locked in my bedroom listening to "Now That's What I Call Breakup Songs 16."
Mayor: Mr. Wang, we better get you back to the hotel if you're going to be ready for the shindig tonight. Oh, pardon my French. "Shindig" is American for hootenanny!
Wang: I'm honoured to attend your... "shindig." That is a lovely ring, Miss... 
Mai Le: Le. Mai Le.
Wang: Where did you find such a treasure?
Mai Le: At some junk store.
Daphne: Dinner is at eight. Dress is casual.
Shaggy: Like, dude, swap seats with me, would ya?
Scooby: Why?
Shaggy: So, um, I could be closer to the, uh, gravy!
Scooby: Here you go. 
Shaggy: Thanks, but I really want to be closer to the, uh... baked Alaska.
Shaggy: Scoob! Just switch seats with me.
Scooby: Fine! Hmph. Testy. 
Barty Blake: Mr. Wang, friends, Who turned out the lights?
Red wizard: Do not disturb the dragon's heart, or you will pay the price! The Dragon's Heart belongs to no one! Whoever tries to claim it will die!
Red wizard: You have unknowingly brought grave danger to all who are near you! 
Shaggy: I came down here to protect you, but now I see that I'm paralyzed with fear!
Velma: What is the dragon's heart?
Nan Blake: Somebody, do something!
Fred: Way ahead of you, Mrs. Blake. 
Mayor: Rumbling swamp-crickets! What just happened?!
Barty Blake: I seem to be trapped in some sort of net. 
Fred: Not just any net! That's a Brownberger B41: titanium-woven, aircraft-grade, aluminum grommets, this baby is shark-proof!
Daphne: But why is it in our dining room?
Fred: I installed it last year for a situation just like this!
Velma: You booby-trapped Daphne's house?
Fred: I booby-trapped all your houses for protection, and it's a good thing I did. We almost caught that wizard!
Nan Blake: Almost?! You destroyed my dining room!
Fred: Hey, you can't trap an omelette without breaking a few eggs, am I right? 
Mayor: Mr. Wang, I am so sorry about this.
Barty Blake: Spare me. Things like this always happen when the Jones boys are around.
Mayor: What's that supposed to mean?!
Wang: Thank you for this... memorable evening, but I have had enough excitement for one night. It is time I return to my economy lodging.
Barty Blake: Daphne, I want your idiot boyfriend out of my house!
Fred: Did you hear that? Your dad called me your boyfriend! I think tonight was a big step forward. 
Velma: Maybe we should just look for some clues. 
Scooby: Good idea. 
Shaggy: What'd you find, Scoob?
Velma: It's some kind of red dust. 
Mai Le: That's not dust. It's tea. Scarlet oolong, to be exact. This tea is very rare. 
Velma: And flammable.
Fred: I only know one place in Crystal Cove that specializes in rare, flammable teas. 
Fred: It's pretty quiet out there. 
Velma: Fred, when did you install a periscope in the Mystery Machine?
Daphne: Probably right around the time he was installing a trap in my dining room. What else aren't you telling us, Fred?
Fred: Nothing, Daphne, I swear!
Daphne: Whatever. Where's my lip gloss? 
Fred: Daphne! Wait! No!
Fred: I guess there was one other thing I didn't tell you. 
Shaggy: The key to a good stake-out is making sure you've got enough snacks. This is Scoob's and my special snack sack. We've got something from every food group: salty, sugary, jerky, and ice cream!
Scooby: Yeah!
Shaggy: Like, I recommend eating the ice cream first! 
Scooby: Huh?
Shaggy: Boy, it's delicious.
Velma: I feel your pain, dog.
Fred: I am so sorry.
Daphne: Save it. 
Shaggy: Zoinks! Let's get outta here!
Velma: This way!
Daphne: It's the wizard from the party!
Fred: No, wait! That's the wizard from the party!
Velma: Two wizards? What is going on?
Shaggy: Like, this would be so cool if I wasn't so terrified!
Velma: That white wizard has three rings exactly like yours!
Scooby: Uh-oh.
Shaggy: Like, I second that, Scoob!
Fred: Quick, everybody! Back to the van.
Fred: Come on! Come on!
Mai Le: Help!
Shaggy: Mai Le!
White wizard: Hurry! Give it to me!
Fred: Shaggy, I need your snack sack. Daphne, slide over and put the snack sack on your seat.
Daphne: Okay, ready to launch. 
Shaggy: Like, we got her!
Velma: He's still coming! 
Velma: Are you okay, Mai Le?
Mai Le: I am now, thanks to Shaggy. I owe you my life. 
Shaggy: It was, you know, like, nothin'.
Shaggy: What? Is there something in my teeth?
Velma: Come on.
Mai Le: So, what's the story with Shaggy? He's cute.
Velma: Stay away from Shaggy. He has dog issues.
Mai Le: I... don't know what that means.
Velma: Now what?
Velma: Quick, Mai Le, this way!
White wizard: Give me the ring! It is the key to possessing the Dragon's Heart!
Velma: What are you doing?!
Velma: Jinkies! You go, girl! 
Shaggy: Mei you hong pang jiao la hao lei! Mai Le!
Shaggy: Xing shang de gu xi!
Mai Le: My ring!
Shaggy: That is so not how I imagined this happening.
Velma: I have searched every corner of the internet, and I cannot find anything about the dragon's heart.
Daphne: And why did he steal Mai Le's ring? He already had three of them.
Chen: The wizard has all four rings? Ai1 jaa1, gaau2 mat1 gwai2 aa5? Zan1 hai bai lah!  
Fred: Chen, what do you know about this?
Chen: Well, I... I suppose it's time you should know. That red wizard who's been popping up out of nowhere... it's me.
Shaggy and Scooby: What?!
Chen: When I was a young grasshopper in China, I was entrusted with a priceless ruby called the Dragon's Heart. Centuries ago, the ruby was encased in a great jade dragon. Legend has it that you must use four sacred rings to gain access to the Dragon's Heart. 
Shaggy: But, like, now, the white wizard has all four rings.
Velma: If only we had that jade dragon, we could use it to lure him...
Fred and Daphne: Into a trap!
Chen: You're in luck, because the jade dragon is right over there.
All: Oh.
Fred: Gang, it's trappin' time!
Chen: I sure hope no one notices this window is gone and steals my jade dragon. Oh, well.
White wizard: Huh?
Fred: Scooby Snack, go! 
Fred: Ta-da! The Brownberger B41. It's the trapper's trap.
Mayor: Spicy jiblet ponies, Fred! Why do you have a geisha tied up in here? You know they belong downtown in Crystal Cove's Geisha House of Terror.
Fred: He's not a geisha, dad. He's a wizard. Or at least, that's who he's pretending to be. 
All: Mr. Wang?!
Scooby: Big surprise.
Mayor: What, Wang?! Why?!
Wang: I've searched for the Dragon's Heart all my life. I've tracked it to your silly little town, and it was almost mine! Mine!
Mai Le: You won't be needing these anymore. 
Daphne: Now it all makes sense. Mr. Wang used his supposed "research trip" to Crystal Cove as an excuse to hunt for the Dragon's Heart. When he saw that Mai Le was wearing the fourth dragon ring, he knew he was close. Mr. Wang posed as the evil white kung-fu wizard to steal the fourth dragon ring from Mai Le, but Chen pretended to be a red wizard in an effort to stop him. 
Velma: After the wizard battle downtown, Mr. Wang came to my house in one last effort to get the ring. 
Shaggy: But how did he make himself fly?
Chen: Oh, the same way I did. Jetpack!
All: Oh! Of course!
Daphne: And the magic lightning bolts?
Velma: Homemade Tesla coils. Genius!
Wang: It was the perfect plan! That ruby is priceless! I was going to be rich, and I would have gotten away with it, if it weren't for you-
Fred: Save it, Wang. We've heard it all before.
Mai Le: I can't thank you all enough for what you've done for me. Oh, and before I forget, Chen rightfully should have these. 
Shaggy: Like, so now that it's over, Mai Le, um, I was wondering if we could, like, you know... um... like... how do I say this?
Scooby: Go on a date?
Shaggy: Right! Thanks, pal!
Mai Le: Oh, Shaggy, I'd love to, but it's time for me to return to China.
Shaggy: China? Like, what do you mean?
Mai Le: In ten minutes. 
Mai Le: Goodbye, everyone. I'll never forget you. Especially you, Shaggy.
Shaggy: I guess this is what it feels like to have your heart broken. 
Velma: You know, one of the things I always wanted a boy to do was surprise me and see me off as I was leaving on a plane.
Daphne: Yeah, that is romantic.
Shaggy: But, like, I don't even know what flight she's on.
Velma: It's Crystal Cove, Shaggy. We've only got the one plane.
Fred: Come on, gang! I'll drive!
Shaggy: Thanks, guys. And, uh, thanks, Velm.
Mai Le: Finally, mine. So long, Mystery Incorporated. 
Shaggy: Hello, dude. Or should I say... Mai Le? I went to the airport to see you off, but you weren't on the plane. It was always about the ruby, wasn't it? You just used us to get Wang out of the way so you could get the other rings!
Mai Le: That's right. The Dragon's Heart belongs to me!
Shaggy: Fine, come and get it!
Shaggy: Zoinks! 
Mai Le: Let me go, you idiots!
Scooby: You okay, Shaggy?
Shaggy: Was everything about you a lie? Like, even us?
Mai Le: Sorry, dude.
Velma: He's too good for you, dog issues or no dog issues. 
Mai Le: I still don't know what that means.
Daphne: Mom, dad, you can come out now.
Fred: Thanks again, Mr. and Mrs. Blake, for letting us disguise your boat as Mai Le's escape boat.
Barty Blake: Well, I have to admit, Fred, your Cochamamy trap actually worked.
Fred: That's awfully nice of you to say, sir.
Daphne: I think Daddy's warming up to you.
Nan Blake: Just one question: how did you know that Mai Le would step right in the middle of your trap?
Fred: I didn't. That's why I set traps all over this boat.
Barty and Nan: You did what?
Barty Blake: Fred Jones, you buffoon!
Daphne: Oh, Freddy.
Scooby: Yeah! 
