Brenda: That’s the last net, can we go home now Dylan?
Dylan: Come on, Brenda. I promised the Trickell's Trickquid people we’d do a good job setting up for the tournament.
Brenda: Ugh, I’m bored and sweaty, I hate manual labor. I can’t wait for a time when robots do everything for us.
Dylan: Here, I brought some water…
Brenda: Ew! I don’t want any of that fatty fat water. I want Trickell’s Trickquid!
Dylan: Trickell’s Trickquid is water.
Brenda: Ugh, no. It’s 100% diet moisture. You want me to look good in my bathing suit, don’t you?
Dylan: Man, you are in a crabby mood…
Brenda: Please, you wanna see crabby? I’ll show you a crabby mood-
Dylan: Please, Brend, where’d you get that- Giant Fake Crab Parts Emporium?
Brenda: It- It’s real!! Help me!!
Dylan: Haha, nice try, what’d you do? Dig a big hole under the sand?
Brenda: Dylan!!!
Dylan: Bravo. I’ll bite. You got an air tank under there? …. Brenda? C’mon, stop joking… Brend?
Angel: This is K-Ghoul's Angel Dynamite, live from the Crystal Cove girls volleyball tournament. Sponsored by Trickell’s Trickquid. What Mother Nature drinks when she doesn’t wanna look fat.
Shaggy: Oh boy, like what a crowd! I hope they saved us some food, Scoob!
Scooby: Yeah!
Man in Costume: Trickell’s Trickquid here. The nonfat liquid diet, no-calorie, gluten-free moisturizer supplement, now in wet and extra wet.
Shaggy: Well, we want some real food, right Scooby-Doo?
Scooby: U-huh! Like that!
Velma: Ugh, not that place! That guy's a freak!
Shaggy: No, like he’s totally cool! Just don’t mention his nose.
Velma: Hey there cappie. What happened to the old sniffer.
Skipper Shelton: What happened? I’ll tell ye’, boyo! It ‘twas a clam that took it. Fierce and mighty was he and reduced me to wearing facial underwear he did, but I’ll find him. And I won’t stop shuckling till I do! Understand?
Velma: Yes sir, captain admiral sir.
Skipper Shelton: It’s Skipper!! Skipper Shelton! Clam hunter and waffle griddler. So, what’ll it be, skinny shanks?
Shaggy: Oh, I’ll take an extra large, please!
Velma: E-hem. Didn’t we agree that you would cut out the junk food?
Shaggy: I should, like, totally eat something healthier.
Scooby: But- but- but- huh?
Skipper Shelton: What about you, wolfie. Is it a cone stuffed with the fruits of the sea? Or are ye afraid?
Scooby: Aye aye, Skipper! No fear! Two cones here!
Fred: Mm, those look good. A big salty clam would sure go good with this heat, you want one, Daph?
Daphne: No! Fred you know what happens when I get near sea food. You remember my sister's wedding.
Daphne: I was so swollen I couldn’t even fit in the bridal airlock!
Fred: Hey, don’t worry, Daph. Those clams aren’t close enough to cause you any trouble. Hey, Skipper! Didn’t your cabin used to be over where the volleyball courts are?
Skipper Shelton: Ay! Everytime the town has an event on the beach they move me business! Blast the City Council!! Ugh, I need a clamming break. Watch me cabin.
Shaggy: Like, come on Velma can’t I even look?
Scooby: Wait for me!
Scooby: Great game, huh?
Velma: Yeah, great.
Daphne: Y’know we’re still close to the water… all kinds of fish in there…
Fred: Yup, they’re so beautiful...
Daphne: The girls??
Fred: No! The nets.
Daphne: The nets?
Fred: I wonder what their tensile strength is... they’re nylon! Just absolutely perfect for traps!
Daphne: Feel like going for a walk?
Velma: No one here is gonna miss us…
Shaggy: Scooby Doo, is that your stomach?
Scooby: Nu-uh. Not my stomach…
Daphne: Is that a crab? Or is it a man?
Shaggy: Like, it’s a- a mab.. A cran-
Scooby: It’s a man crab!!
Fred: We can’t let that thing get away!
Shaggy: Sure we can, Fred! All we have to do is stand right here!
Scooby: Yeah, stand right here!
Fred: What? They’re gone!
Shaggy: And then, like dude it had huge claws!!
Scooby: And weird eyes!! Like this!!
Daphne: Sheriff Stone, you have to close the beach!
Peter Trickell: The beach stays open. Hi, Peter Trickell. President of Trickell’s Trickquid.
Velma: You can’t just ignore the giant crustacean attacking your tournament!
Peter Trickell: Ha, clearly you never went to business school. Young lady, no ones sure what they saw. Could’ve been a man crab, could’ve been a man lobster! Could’ve also been a really ugly, out of shape person who should be drinking Trickell’s Trickquid!
Sheriff Stone: Well it’s pretty clear to me something did happen here and uh.. There’s nothing I can do about it.
Fred: But sheriff!
Sheriff Stone: Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. We’re not set up for this. Our motto is ‘to serve and protect.’ Not ‘to serve and protect from man crabs.’
Fred: Well… you know what this means, don’t you?
Shaggy: We respect authority, go back home and forget this ever happened.
Fred: It means we investigate.
Shaggy: I was afraid you’d say that..
Velma: I think our investigation is off to a good start!
Daphne: A locker spilling sand?
Velma: And look whose it is.
Daphne: Skipper Shelton?
Velma: And who wasn’t around when the man crab took that girl?
Fred: He’s so angry at the city for moving his cabin, he has a perfect motive for ruining the tournament!
Daphne: What we need is a trap for the man crab! Right Fred?
Fred: Actually, what I was thinking was… we need a trap for the man crab!
Daphne: Great plan.
Fred: Thanks! Daphne, you used to play a little volleyball back in the day, didn’t you?
Daphne: Well… I wouldn’t exactly say play.
Fred: You’ll be perfect bait! I mean, what man crab wouldn’t want to drag you beneath the sand.
Daphne: Aw, Freddie, that’s so sweet! Sort of..
Shaggy: Y’know, Scoob before all this started I really loved crab. Crab brulee.
Scooby: Crabaroni and cheese.
Shaggy: Crabcicles. I can’t talk about this. I promised Velma… I mean- Y’know, I promised myself that I would eat more healthy.
Fred: Look out times over guys! Come see what I made!
Fred: Here’s the plan, Daphne will run across the sand to here, where the man crab will step on this plunger. And when he does, a big lid will spring up under him and dump him into that pot!
Shaggy: Like, where is Daphne anyways, the match is about to start and Scoob and I have to get back to keeping an eye on the Clam cones.  I mean, Skipper!
Velma: I’ll go get her.
Velma: Wow, who are you trying to impress?
Daphne: What, this old thing? I’ve had it forever. I just want to do a good job! Would you rub oil on my back? Fred likes shiny things and I’m tired of him looking at nets.
Velma: Hey, Daphne, lemme ask you something. If you liked a boy-
Daphne: Who told you? Was it one of my sisters? Dawn! Hah, she thinks she’s so perfect. Well, what no one knows is she has a sixth toe on her-
Velma: Uh, what are you talking about?
Daphne: Clearly not what you were talking about.
Velma: Well, I mean I’m just wondering. Do boys like it when you tell them what to do?
Daphne: Of course they do, without my mom around I don’t even think my dad could feed himself. I remember she went away once, and when she came back we found my dad half naked and sucking on an unopened can of soup! Why?
Velma: Well… I’m just working on a science paper that’s all-  
Daphne: Did you say something? Make sure you get me behind the shoulder blades, okay? When I burn there it makes me look like a hunchback- Hey! That’s a little much don’t you-
Daphne: Help!!
Shaggy: No Skipper Shelton, but man do those clams smell good!
Scooby: Go for it, I won’t tell Velma!
Shaggy: Oh, well I guess one delicious, chewy, briny doughy treat can’t hurt that much.
Daphne: The trap- where’s the trap?
Shaggy, from inside the pot: Like, help!
Fred: Daphne? Daphne!
Daphne: Fred- Fred!
Velma: What happened? Something that smelt like drawn butter threw me in the van!
Fred: It was the man crab!! He took Daphne!
Velma: Fred, just calm down. We’ll get her back!
Fred: We have to Velma! I don’t know what to do! And she was so shiny!!
Velma: He’s been digging like that since he lost Daphne. There’s nothing but torn carpet in the back of the Mystery Machine!
Shaggy: Like, this is all my fault! If I never tried to be healthy, Daphne would be alright! Scooby Doo, more!
Fred: Someone needs to make a plan, why isn’t anyone making a plan!!
Velma: That’s usually you, Fred!
Fred: You’re right! What’s wrong with me!
Scooby: Mr. E!
Velma: Jinkies! Get a load of this! This article is from years ago, it says four kidsdisappeared exploring the Crystal Cove cavern!
Angel: Lemme see that.
Velma: Is something wrong, Angel? Do you know them?
Angel: No. Sorry, it’s nothing.
Shaggy: Zoinks! Like it looks like the article came with a soundtrack.
Fred: It’s not working!
Angel: It’s an 8-Track, Freddie. Old school, baby.
Mr. E, over the recorded message: Hello, children. If you’ve read the article, you know this volleyball tournament isn’t the first time kids have disappeared from Crystal Cove. It’s worth researching, don’t you think?
Velma: Welcome to where Crystal Cove keeps all its old newspaper articles. They call it the Morgue.
Shaggy: The Morgue? Like, why do they have to call it that?
Scooby: Yeah, they’re old articles. Not dead!
Fred: There’s a book over here, Daphne used to read books… And this chair, Daphne liked to sit in chairs. That card catalog-
Velma: Not helping, Fred.
Fred: I know! What’s-a-matter with me?
Velma: Hm! Here’s a piece on the founding of Trickell's Trickquid. And here’s one on the city moving the Clam Cabin the year those kids vanished. Listen to this, Skipper threatened the whole town. He swore he’d take drastic action.
Fred: Daphne was drastically taken...
Shaggy: Hey, is this the rest of that article that Mr. E sent us?
Velma: Yeah, and check this out! It says the Crystal Cove Caverns run under the beach where the volleyball tournament is being played!
Shaggy: Like, I know that look, and it’s never good. Hoo hoo…
Shaggy: Like, guys, I think I found something.
Velma: What kind of crab monster would need stairs to climb up into the volleyball tournament?
Shaggy: One that’s very industrious and has a degree in engineering?
Velma: The answer is ‘no crab monster.’
Fred: I don’t care who did it. I just want Daphne back!
Daphne:  Fred, is that you?
Fred: Now I hear her voice everywhere! And her voice sounds as sweet and as perfect as a trap snapping shut on a criminal! Did I say that out loud??
Velma: Come on!
Daphne: Help!
Fred: Daphne!
Daphne: Fred! Oh, Fred! Thank goodness!
Fred: I’m so glad you’re- hey, this is a nice cage!
Velma: Let’s get back to the surface before- AAH!  
Scooby: Where is everybody?
Shaggy: Like, maybe they got eaten by a man crab!
Shaggy: Scooby-Doo, do you smell what I smell?
Scooby: Skipper Shelton’s Clam Cones!
Shaggy: Like, follow the scent of that syrupy goodness! That’s the way out of here, Scooby-Doo!
Shaggy: Run, Scoob!
Velma: We’ll go out the way we came in!
Shaggy: Come on, push! Give it all your paw!
Shaggy: I told you that would just make him angrier!
Shaggy: Like, we got him!
Velma: Good going! But how did you find your way out?
Scooby: Clam cones!
Velma: You were saved by junk food?
Shaggy: Like, what can I say? Junk food and me have a very special relationship.
Velma:  Maybe I should ask it for advice.
Fred: Speaking of clam cones, Skipper Shelton isn’t around again. Or are you, Skipper.
Skipper Shelton: Ah, back from the laundromat, I am, and once more does me nose hammock smell fresh as the mornin’ tide.
Daphne: Wait, if you’re not the Man-Crab, then who--
Velma: Everyone, meet Bud Shelton!
The gang: Who?
Velma: The Trickell's Trickquid mascot!
Bud Shelton: And the inventor, not that dirtball Trickell.
Shaggy: Like, how did you know, Velma?
Velma: I knew it wasn’t a real crab because Daphne never got allergic when she was around it, plus when I saw the mole pattern on the cheek of the man next to Trickell in the newspaper, I remembered the same pattern on the mascot.
Bud Shelton: He took the credit for my creation, it was supposed to be called Bud’s Bloosh- I was still working on the name. I spent countless hours making the Man-Crab costume, and even more time building my system of trapdoors and stairs under the beach. And in case anyone came snooping in between kidnappings, I hid my costume in a locker big enough to hold it, putting a label with Skipper’s name on it over the real label.
Daphne: All that work just to get back at Mr. Trickell? Wouldn’t it have been easier and more legal to sue him?
Bud Shelton: Are you kidding? Lawyers take forever. I would have succeeded, too, if it weren’t for you meddling brats probing into my crustacean-themed revenge scheme.
Skipper Shelton: Well, almost doesn’t shuck the clam, does it wolfie?  
Scooby: I have no idea what you’re talking about.
Daphne: So, Fred, Velma said you were kind of out of sorts when I got kidnapped.
Fred: Yeah, that. Well...
Daphne: I think it’s sweet!
Fred: Really? Oh, that’s so great. I was afraid it might mess up our friendship. Don’t worry, I will never have feelings again.
Daphne: Hmm, we’ll see. So, Velma, did I miss anything else while I was gone?
Velma: Actually, yeah.  
Shaggy: What-- like, what is it, Daph?
Daphne: The locket I found, the picture of the boy and girl inside. It’s them!
Velma: Jinkies. I guess we’ve got a new mystery on our hands!
