Velma: Another mystery bites the dust!
Fred: Way to go, gang!
Daphne: Let's celebrate!
Scooby: Yeah, celebrate.
Sheriff Stone: Better idea.
Fred: Aw, come on, sheriff.
Sheriff Stone: Just cork it. You see this badge? Know why it's here?
Velma: It came with the shirt?
Sheriff Stone: It's here because if there's a crime, I solve it.
Sheriff Stone: Oh, and by the way, I've called all your parents, who, by now, I have on speed dial. Oh, are you in trouble. Especially you, Fred. Say hi to dad, the Mayor.
Daphne: Just once, it would be nice if someone thanked us for solving a mystery.
Fred: Good thing we're not in this to be liked.
Fred: ...Maybe that didn't come out quite right.
Velma: Welcome to the Crystal Cove haunted tour. I'm your ghoulish guide Velma. The first documented case of the curse of Crystal Cove is from 1630, when a garrison of Spanish conquistadors mysteriously vanished from the harbor.
Female Tourist: Oh, that is so scary! Where did they go?
Velma: What part of the word "mystery" didn't you understand? The curse struck again in 1765 when an entire town of missionaries likewise disappeared. Anyway, things were pretty quiet until 100 years later, when Cletus Darrow found gold here and renamed the town Crystal Cove. Most people thought the curse had been lifted, until the entire Darrow family disappeared one Halloween and was never seen again.  
Velma: Moving on.
Velma: Since the disappearance of the Darrow family, Crystal Cove has been a hub of paranormal activity. You might recognize some of our more famous visitors. Ghostly deep sea diver Captain Cutler, Miner '49er, Charlie the Haunted Robot, and who could forget the terrifying stylings of Space Kook? Not me.
Male Tourist: Oh! How frightening!
Female Tourist: Oh! Absolutely blood-curdling.
Velma: Not really. They all turned out to be fakes.
Velma: Yep. Captain Cutler was just some guy who was hijacking boats. Miner '49er's real name was Hank. Charlie belonged to Mr. Jenkins, who thought it would be easier to run an amusement park with a crazy robot. And Space Kook? Oh, don't get me started! Ooh!
Dale Dinkley: Thank you, Velma. Well, that concludes the terror-ific tour.
Angie Dinkley: Don't forget to stop in at the haunted snack shop for souvenirs and your complimentary undead sipper cup.
Angie Dinkley: What do you think you were doing?
Dale Dinkley: Are you trying to destroy our business?
Velma: Reboot, parentals. I was just being honest.
Dale Dinkley: Those were isolated incidents in Crystal Cove's otherwise-unblemished supernatural past of hauntings and paranormal happenings.
Velma: Your generation's belief, not mine. My generation, we only got one thing on our minds...
Fred: Solving mysteries and building traps.
Mayor Jones: That's 2 things, Fred.
Fred: You know what I mean, Dad. We just want answers. Is that wrong?
Mayor Jones: Tickling chin whiskers, Fred. The Mayor's son is supposed to set an example.
Fred: I'm trying, dad. In fact, just yesterday, I entered one of my traps in the district science fair. It was rejected for not actually having anything to do with science, but--
Mayor Jones: I just don't want you to make a mistake you'll regret.
Fred: You mean like making a bad trap?
Mayor Jones: No! Life is not all about traps. It's also about...
Scooby: Pancakes. And bacon.
Shaggy: And sausages, and orange juice.
Paula Rogers: Don't forget to chew.
Colton Rogers: And breathe.
Shaggy: Mmm. Like, thanks, Mom and Dad.
Scooby: Yeah. Thanks, Mom and Dad.
Colton Rogers: Your mother and I are worried about this mystery phase you're going through. We're not saying find new friends, we're--
Paula Rogers: Yes, we are. Find new friends.
Shaggy: Oh, you guys have got nothing to worry about, man. Me and Scoob always play it safe. If there's danger...
Scooby: We run, fast. Really fast.
Shaggy: And as for our friends, if you guys just gave them a chance, you'd see...
Daphne: The gang is misunderstood. We're just solving mysteries. All the kids are doing it.
Nan and Barty Blake: No, they're not.
Nan Blake: And what about this Fred Jones? Certainly, there must be other boys.
Daphne: Not like Fred. He's, like, one of those geniuses that no one understands until they're dead. He sees things different, and he wants to catch those different things in his traps.
Barty Blake: Honey, we just want you to go on to have a rich career, like your sisters.
Daphne: Oh, that's Fred and the gang. Gotta go. Don't wanna be late for school! Bye, Mom! Bye, Dad! Bye, Daisy! Bye, Dawn! Bye, Dorothy! Bye, Delilah!
Worker 1: Hey, you sure you guys don't want any of this Fruitmeir's smoothie? Oh, it's delic- ahhhhh! 
Worker 1: What the whozit? Which one of you broke that wall?
Worker 2: Wha- we barely touched it.
Worker 3: Is that another sewer?
Worker 1: Impossible! There's only one sewer, and we're in it- unless...
Worker 2: ...We've broken into another dimension?
Worker 1: No, idiot. We've busted through to one of the old Crystal Cove caves.
Worker 2: -Huh? I think there's something in there. What should we do?
Worker 1: Well, it's pretty clear, isn't it? Those are radioactive symbols- meaning whatever's inside is dangerous. Meaning we need to open it right away. We don't want whatever's in there to mess up our schedule.
 Worker 2: Hey, I think I see someth--AAAAHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!
Velma: Why didn't you text me last night? I waited up for you.
Shaggy: Um, like, me and Scoob ordered a pizza, and then we just fell asleep watching a Vincent Van Ghoul movie.
Velma: Okay, apology accepted. 
Velma: But I still missed you...
Shaggy: Not here, Velma-- not in public.
Velma: Why? Daphne and Fred are going to find out sooner or later.
Shaggy: I'm not worried about them! It’s Scooby-Doo; he’s my best friend. I wanna break it to him, like, gently. I’m just waiting for the right time!
Velma: How about now - hey, Scoob- 
Shaggy:  Like, what was that?!
Fred: It looks like a mystery to me, and I think that’s just a little more important than school!
Velma: These are military. From the oxidation, probably 30, 40, years old.
Daphne: ​​Hey! Fred, I found something!
Fred: Could be a clue. Good work, Daphne!
Daphne: Thanks, Fred; you're so sweet--  It's okay...we can talk--later.
Sheriff Stone: All right, you see what happens when you kids stick your noses where they don't belong? People get cocooned!
Shaggy: Like, man, we found them like that.
Daphne: Sheriff, there was a monster-
Sheriff Stone: Quiet. From this point forward, this is a crime scene and future Tourist attraction. Stay out of it.
Velma: I got his "stay out of it" right here.
Fred: Let me talk to him.
Daphne: Don't worry. Fred will make him understand. 
Fred: Shaggy, start the car.
Shaggy: Wait. I thought you were going to talk to him. 
Fred: He wasn't in a listening mood.
Velma: So you stole a body? Rockin'.
Fred: Don't worry. I know just who can help us.
Professor Raffalo: All right. Who can tell me what photosynthesis is?
Professor Raffalo: And please don't say "plant farts."
Professor Raffalo: Huh?
Fred: Professor Raffalo? We need your help.
Professor Raffalo: Couldn't you kids have waited for break?
Shaggy: Is he...  
Professor Raffalo: No. He's alive. But he appears to he in some sort of dehydrated stasis. I don't quite know what that means, but I'm guessing it's temporary. 
Scooby: Mmm. Scooby Snacks. 
Daphne: Do you know what could have done this?
Professor Raffalo: The cocoon material looks organic, but I'll need to do further tests.
Professor Raffalo: The sheriff okayed this?
Fred: Uh, of course he did. What, do you think we stole a body?  That's-- that's rich. Ha ha.
'Franklin Fruitmeir: Welcome, everyone, to Fruitmeir's. Remember, it's not ice cream. It's not yogurt. Would anyone like a shrimping boat made out of circus balloons?
Velma: I don't get it. All this fuss over-- What is this stuff again?
Shaggy: You heard Franklin Fruitmeir. It's a secret! That's why they call it--
Scooby and Shaggy: Fruitmeir's!
Fred: Hey, you know, if that cocoon does turn out to be organic, we might have a real honest-to-goodness monster in Crystal Cove.
Velma: My guess? The cocoon is a multicelled mutation, probably a result of radiated allotropes and free radical implosion. What do you think, Shaggy?  
Shaggy: Uhh, I think I want more Fruitmeir's!
Scooby:  
Daphne: Velma, is there something going on between you and Shaggy?
Velma: No. Nothing. Absolutely nothing. Why would anything ever be going on between me and Shaggy?
Daphne: Well, looks like it's just us, all alone.  Maybe we could go for a drive, talk about that pretty locket I found. Wonder what it would be like to get such a romantic present.
Fred: Oh, come on, Daphne. You know you don't care about that girly stuff. That's why we're such good friends. I'll drop you at home. I want to get started on a new trap for the monster.
Daphne:  OK. Good luck with that.
Professor Raffalo: Huh? Someone there?
Angel Dynamite: Mmm, yeah, Crystal Cove. That was The Rotten Brains with their single "Zombie Housewife Blues." I'm Angel Dynamite, and you're listening to K-Ghoul. 101.4 on your A.M. dial.
Angel Dynamite: I was wondering when y'all was going to show up. He's in the back.
Daphne: Fred. It's us. We're here for you. 
Fred: It's no use, gang. I was the one who stole the body, and Professor Raffalo paid the price. I should have listened to my dad and stayed out of any new mysteries. 
Velma: We all helped steal the body, Fred.
Shaggy: Well, I actually never t--  Ow! OK, fine. Yes. We all took part, Freddy.
Daphne: Fred Jones, you've never backed away from a mystery in your life.
Fred: I've got nothing!
Velma: Man up, Fred. We still have our first clue, the cocoon. I brought a sample--  Scooby! What are you doing?
Scooby: What? It's Fruitmeir's! Yummy!  
Velma: Eww.
Angel Dynamite: Check it out. If that dog mutates, I'm putting it down, dig?
Shaggy: Like, hold on. I think I get it.  
Others: Eww.
Shaggy: No, you guys, it's Fruitmeir's. The cocoon is made of the same stuff as Fruitmeir's dessert.
Others: What?  
Daphne: They're right. But if the cocoon is made of Fruitmeir's dessert...
Shaggy: That means if we capture the monster, we can have our own shop, and we can have an endless supply of Fruitmeir's dessert. Oh, boy.
Fred: No. It means that that slime mutant may not be a monster at all. What do we know about Franklin Fruitmeir?
Velma: Franklin Fruitmeir showed up in town out of nowhere 2 months ago. Before that, nothing. He's hiring right now for female servers.
Fred: Then that's our in.
Shaggy: If the girls can get jobs at Fruitmeir's, they can snoop around and find out more.
Fred: Great idea, Shag.
Shaggy: Um.  Like, uh, this isn't exactly what I had in mind. Why are Scooby-Doo and I dressed like girls, when Velma and Daphne are girls?
Scooby: Yeah. My skirt's too tight.
Daphne: Because Velma and I refused.
Franklin Fruitmeir: Good night, ladies.  Don't forget to lock up! 
Shaggy and Scooby:  Good night, Mr. Fruitmeir. 
Fred: All right, gang. Fan out. See if you can find anything that will tie Franklin Fruitmeir to the slime mutant. 
Daphne: Hmm. Must be a key around here somewhere.
Scooby: All clear.
Shaggy: Let's check over there, Scoob.
Shaggy: Run, Scoob!
Daphne: That's strange. This closet was locked a minute ago.  Freddy, help! Let me out! 
Fred:  Daphne! Hold on! We'll get you out!
Shaggy: Gangway!  
Velma: Are you two insane?
Shaggy: Mo-mo-monster! Like, right behind us!
Fred: Monster? There's no monster.
Velma: Jinkies. Where's Daphne?
Scooby, Shaggy, Velma, and Fred: Daphne! Daphne?
Daphne:  Here! I'm down here! I'm OK.
Daphne: But you better get down here. I think I found something.
