Brenda: Dylan, are you sure it's a good idea to go an amusement park after just getting out of the hospital? I mean, we were kidnapped and man-handled by a really mean Man-Crab. 
Dylan: I believe it's crab-handled, not man-handled. And it was all bogus, remember? They caught the guy. Creepy Spooky Terrorland is totally safe. Besides, attendance is so bad, tickets are super cheap. 
Ride Operator: Hey, hey. Ride the Nauseator. No waiting. Ever.
Brenda: Hey, this thing is really lo-
Brenda: Oh, my sternum.
Dylan: Look at that view, Bren. You can see all of Crystal Cove from here.
Brenda: You're right. From up here, it doesn't look like such a scary place to live. And maybe everything will turn out all right for us. 
Dylan: Oh, Brenda.
Brenda: Oh, Dylan.
Dylan: Let's table our emotional embrace. 
Brenda: Totes. At least we're together and safe. 
Manticore: These grounds are now the domain of the Manticore. 
Operator: Hey, hey. Ride the Nauseator. No waiting. Ever.
Angel Dynamite: If I'd known this was all a take to get your attention, I'd have just run the bell. I want to see Mr. E, now.
Angel Dynamite: The Mystery Inc. kids have found a piece of the Planispheric Disk. 
Mr. E: So, now we know where two of the pieces are. Good work, Angel.
Angel Dynamite: Just remember, I'm working with you, not for you. I'm worried about those kids.
Mr. E: Why?
Angel Dynamite: Pericles is loose, and that nutso parrot might go after the piece, which puts them in danger - and us, if the former members of our club get wind of it. 
Mr. E: Don't worry, little Angel. The other two won't move a muscle, as long as Fred Jones is still alive. 
Mayor: Look. This isn't easy for me, but I need your help. 
Fred: Our help? Dad, are we... bonding? Look at me, I'm shaking!
Mayor: Galloping gopher ponies, Fred! Don't get all curly on me. I asked you here because... this manticore problem might be my fault. 
Scooby: Your fault?
Mayor: I was looking around the internet for something that might help the park, when I found "hauntedattractions4sale.scare" advertising an ancient Persian temple haunted by a manticore. 
Daphne: Oh, come on! Who buys a temple on the internet! Sorry, sir.
Mayor: It was a deal! I paid the owners of the temple in leftover Que Horrifico T-shirts and they'd ship the temple up here. Seemed like a good idea at the time to boost tourism, but now it appears that the manticore is eating tourists. What can I say? Buyer's remorse.
Fred: We'll do it! We'll fix this for you! I can't tell you what it means to me that... you're actually asking for our help! This is gonna be great, Dad! We'll go on team stakeouts together, we'll build traps together-
Mayor: Yeah, I won't be taking part in any of that. 
Fred: Understood. But I know you'll be there in spirit!
Fred: Let's wrap this one up neat and fast, gang. My dad's counting on us. 
Winslow Fleach: We're running a special on our nefarious nachos. 
Shaggy: Sorry, mister. Which way did you say the nachos were?
Fred: Not now, Shaggy. We're here to solidify my relationship with my father. And save the amusement park.
Winslow Fleach: I'm afraid Creepy Spooky Terror Land may be beyond saving. Oh, I'm the owner, Winslow Fleach, and this is my daughter. 
Velma: Hot Dog Water.
Hot Dog Water: Hello... Velma.
Winslow Fleach: "Hot Dog Water?" Is that some sort of nickname, honey? Yeah, sometimes I recycle the water we boil the park's hot dogs in for bathing to save money, but-
Hot Dog Water: It's okay, dad. We don't need to explain our ways. Besides, Velma and I are old friends from the science fair circuit.
Velma: Yeah. Sorry about beating you again this year. 
Winslow Fleach: Well, it might be the last science fair you compete in, darling. With the park going under, I'll never be able to pay for college. 
Daphne: It's that bad?
Hot Dog Water: I constructed a detailed financial model taking into account three hundred variables, and they all say the same thing:
Winslow Fleach: Close the park. Immediately. 
Fred: Oh, no, no. Wait, please! Can't you just hold off a little while and give us a chance to investigate?
Winslow Fleach: Well, I suppose I can't get any more broke. Alright.
Scooby: Can we go investigate the nachos?
Fred: No, we're gonna start where this all started: the temple.
Shaggy: Like, we would've been better off investigating the nachos. You can learn a lot from artificially-flavoured cheese sauce. 
Scooby: Uh-huh. Learning is yummy.
Velma: Guys. This temple is our only lead. And we shouldn't stop until we've seen every inch of- ...it.
Daphne: You know, even for a place called "Creepy Spooky Terror Land," this is pretty scary. 
Fred: Look at those shadows up there. It's a perfect place for a trap. 
Manticore: Be gone!
Daphne: Or a manticore! 
Manticore: I will feast on your bones!
Fred: Awesome! My dad is gonna be stoked. Hey, wait, where are you going?!
Daphne: Faster!
Shaggy: Like, if we had gone to investigate the nachos, none of this would have happened!
Daphne: Over here!
Daphne: We lost it.
Fred: Guys, what are you doing? Let's get back out there and catch that thing. What we need is bait. Who here has the most delicious bones?
Daphne: Freddy!
Velma: Hey, gang, look at this. They turned this temple into an amusement park ride, remember? All we have to do is ride the ride and get off at the exit.
Shaggy: Like, already on it. Hop in, everybody. Scooby-Doo, hit the power. 
Scooby: You got it.
Shaggy: This is like the only way to get away from monsters. 
Shaggy: On second thought, there's probably a better way! 
Velma: Everybody, get ready! Jump!
Manticore: Rah! Infernal contraption! Release me!
Shaggy: That was, like, way too close. 
Scooby: Tell me about it. Whew. 
Fred: We're gonna have to get closer if we're gonna solve this mystery. First, we need to find out more about this temple my dad bought.
Angel Dynamite: A manti- what?
Fred: Manticore. It's got the body of a lion, dragon wings, scorpion tail, and a terrifying man face. My dad bought it with some T-shirts online.
Angel Dynamite: Outsourcing monsters. Sounds like the mayor.
Velma: What was the name of the site? Oh, yeah. "hauntedattractions4sale.scare." Here it is.
Daphne: Huh, looks like the temple was the last thing they had to sell. It says they're closed.
Velma: Says a lot more than that. This website is a fake!
Shaggy: Like, how can you tell?
Velma: All these photos of so-called "haunted attractions?" Don't they look familiar?
Fred: Hey, that's not a "life-sized possessed tribal idol." It's the Statue of Liberty!
Velma: Someone went to a lot of trouble to put this website together. Someone with a lot of computer expertise. 
Daphne: I'm starting to think we're not dealing with a real manticore here.
Fred: I think you're right, Daphne. You and Velma and I better go back to my dad's office and ask some more questions. Shaggy, you and Scooby head over to Creepy Spooky Terror Land. There may be more clues there. 
Shaggy, Scooby: Great!
Daphne: And don't start with the nachos. 
Shaggy, Scooby: Aww.
Scooby: Shoot. 
Angel Dynamite: Hang back a second, girl. You tell the rest of the gang about our little secret?
Velma: You mean that your real name is Cassidy Williams? And you're an original member of Mystery Incorporated? No, I haven't, because you said you were going to do it.
Angel Dynamite: Soon as things are safe, baby. Which reminds me, you still have that weird piece of disk you found in the old Darrow mansion?
Velma: Fred has it. He hid it somewhere.
Angel Dynamite: Good. As long as it's safe.
Velma: Safe from whom?
Angel Dynamite: Child, it's best right now if you didn't know the answer to that. 
Fred: Dad. What are you doing?
Mayor: Oh! Oh, just, uh... just studying plans for my mayoral library that'll be built after my term's over.
Velma: Um, only presidents get libraries when their terms end, sir.
Mayor: Yes. That's why I'm voting 'no' on the library. So, have you solved my manticore problem?
Daphne: Mr. Mayor, we were wondering, did someone tell you about the website you used to buy the temple?
Mayor: No, I just typed "haunted attractions" into the search engine.
Velma: And you didn't notice anything unusual about the website?
Mayor: ...No.
Fred: Well, if you think of anything, you'll call me, right, dad?
Mayor: Sure. You are... Velma? Probably Velma. Just keep working on this manticore thing, alright?
Fred: You got it, dad.
Shaggy: Well, like, I guess there were no clues in this cotton candy. 
Scooby: Nope. Just sugary goodness. 
Shaggy: What other snacks can we investigate that aren't, like, nachos?
Scooby: Those churros look suspicious. 
Shaggy: Good spotting, Scooby-Doo. Let's interrogate them in our bellies! Ew. You smell that, Scoob?
Scooby: P.U.! I just lost my appetite. 
Winslow Fleach: How many plushie Char Gar Gothakon dolls do we still have to get rid of?
Hot Dog Water: About five thousand. 
Winslow Fleach: We'll give away five with every churro purchased. 
Hot Dog Water: Good plan, dad, especially since Velma and her friends haven't been able to solve our manticore problem. 
Shaggy: Hot Dog Water's right. We need to focus, concentrate!
Scooby: Yeah, let's find some clues!
Scooby: Whew.
Shaggy: Yeah. This is, like, hard work. How 'bout a break, Scoob?
Scooby: Okay. Woo-hoo, roller coaster!
Shaggy: Actually, this is, like, as good of a place to search for clues as anywhere else. 
Scooby: Good point, Raggy.
Shaggy: I mean, who's to say that up here we won't find some sign of the-
Shaggy, Scooby: Manticore!
Manticore: 
Manticore: Once again, to your doom!
Shaggy: Scoob, this isn't good!
Scooby: No, not good!
Shaggy: This is worse! 
Winslow Fleach: Oh, thank goodness you're alive! By the way, you owe me for those three rides. 
Fred: What happened, you guys?
Shaggy: It was, like, the manticore!
Scooby: Reah, it grabbed us!
Velma: What's with the voices, you two? You sound like you've been sucking on helium balloons. 
Shaggy: Maybe this is what happens when you inhale too much manticore. 
Velma: Hm...
Winslow Fleach: That's it. I am closing this park right this very second!
Hot Dog Water: Good idea, dad. I can't stand seeing you like this, and we don't want anyone else to get hurt. 
Fred: No way! I'm not letting you shut down Creepy Spooky Terror Land.
All: Huh?
Fred: My father wants this park to succeed, and he's counting on me and my friends to make sure that that happens. And I am not gonna let him down, especially now that we've become so close.
Daphne: It sounds like you've got a plan, Freddy.
Fred: I do. I know just what we need to trap this manticore. 
Fred: Okay, while Daphne, Shaggy, and Scooby are prepping the manticore bait, we just need to grab a few things. 
Velma: Like?
Fred: Rope, a stapler, tennis rackets, and four pounds of halibut. Uh, the halibut's in my room for emergency reasons. Velma, you get that, and I'll get the rest. 
Velma: Mayor Jones?
Mayor: Oh! Uh... Velma! I was just, uh... looking for the receipt for that crazy temple.
Velma: In Fred's drawers?
Mayor: Yes. Well, it's always the last place you look, isn't that what they say? But, um, unfortunately, not here. Excuse me. 
Fred: Got 'em, good. Let's go.
Velma: Fred, just curious. You know that disk piece we found? What did you do with it?
Fred: Huh? Oh, I gave it to Shaggy and Scooby. 
Velma: You what?
Fred: Well, they're the last people anyone would suspect of having anything important, right?
Velma: Wow, that's... actually kind of genius. Sometimes you astound me, Freddy Jones. 
Shaggy: I can't take much more of this. 
Scooby: Me neither. 
Daphne: This is the last of the nacho cheese, guys. You can't eat this coating. 
Fred: You guys look perfect!
Shaggy: Why are we, like, doing this again?
Fred: Well, as everyone knows, manticores have a legendary fondness for human flesh. The halibut and spicy cheese sauce, well, it's kind of my own special touch. 
Scooby: Must... not... lick sauce. Must be... s-s-s-strong!
Fred: You guys will run back and forth in front of the temple, luring the manticore out, then we'll bash it with tennis rackets and staple its wings to the ground. Sound good?
Shaggy: Oh. Like, oops.
Velma: Now what are we gonn- you guys smell that? Smells like...
Daphne: Manticore!
Velma: No, wait. I-
Fred: Daphne!
Velma: Gotcha!
Shaggy: Got you!
Shaggy: But, like, who's gonna get me?
Scooby: I'll get you, Shaggy! 
Shaggy: Yeah! Ride 'em, Scooby-Doo!
Scooby: I'm trying!
Manticore: You are doomed, free-covered one, doomed!
Manticore: No, fool! No!
Daphne: Look at that. Our manticore's double-jointed?
Velma: This is no manticore, Daphne. This is... 
All: Hot Dog Water?!
Velma: Just as I suspected. It totally makes sense when you put the clues together. But what I don't know is why Shaggy and Scooby had such high voices after you attacked them before, or why you'd want this amusement park to close so badly.
Hot Dog Water: How could you know? Your intellect is so far inferior to mine. It all started on a boring Friday night when I didn't have a date. 
Velma: Hard to imagine.
Hot Dog Water: I decided to run some experiments on the steel used to build the park's rides. I found that if you melted the steel down and combined it with chromium, stalagmite, and mercury phosphate, it created a kind of super-helium. Shaggy and Scooby must have inhaled some helium gas from the manticore's posterior relief hole. That's why their voices were so high. I figured if I could get the park to close, I could take all the steel, melt it down, and sell the super-helium to the Australian zeppelin fleet. I'd have made a fortune and shown you up in the process, Velma!
Daphne: Another mystery solved.
Fred: It still seems like something's missing.
Hot Dog Water:  "Meddling kids and their dog will foil your plan".
Fred: Yep. That would be it.
Angel: I know who has the Planispheric Disk piece, but not where.
Mr. E: Speak.
Angel: I put a bug on Velma when I saw her earlier. She didn't suspect a thing. Later, I heard Fred tell her that Shaggy and Scooby have the piece. But he didn't say anything more than that.
Mr. E: He told Velma and us enough. Everything will work out just fine. You see, Scooby is a far more trusting companion than Pericles was to me.
